content/pages/blog/post-one.md, before:

---
type: PostLayout
title: To See and Be See in the Gaming/VFX/Animation Industry
colors: colors-a
date: '2024-06-30'
author: content/data/team/doris-soto.json
excerpt: More context that may or may not be helpful
featuredImage:
  type: ImageBlock
  url: /images/featured-Image1.jpg
  altText: Post thumbnail image
media:
  url: /images/post-2.jpg
  altText: altText of the image
  caption: Caption of the image
  elementId: ''
  type: ImageBlock
bottomSections:
  - elementId: ''
    type: RecentPostsSection
    colors: colors-f
    variant: variant-d
    subtitle: Recent posts
    showDate: true
    showAuthor: false
    showExcerpt: true
    recentCount: 2
    styles:
      self:
        height: auto
        width: wide
        margin:
          - mt-0
          - mb-0
          - ml-0
          - mr-0
        padding:
          - pt-12
          - pb-56
          - pr-4
          - pl-4
        justifyContent: center
      title:
        textAlign: left
      subtitle:
        textAlign: left
      actions:
        justifyContent: center
    showFeaturedImage: true
    showReadMoreLink: true
  - type: ContactSection
    backgroundSize: full
    title: Stay up-to-date with my words ✍️
    colors: colors-f
    form:
      type: FormBlock
      elementId: sign-up-form
      fields:
        - name: firstName
          label: First Name
          hideLabel: true
          placeholder: First Name
          isRequired: true
          width: 1/2
          type: TextFormControl
        - name: lastName
          label: Last Name
          hideLabel: true
          placeholder: Last Name
          isRequired: false
          width: 1/2
          type: TextFormControl
        - name: email
          label: Email
          hideLabel: true
          placeholder: Email
          isRequired: true
          width: full
          type: EmailFormControl
        - name: updatesConsent
          label: Sign me up to recieve my words
          isRequired: false
          width: full
          type: CheckboxFormControl
      submitLabel: "Submit \U0001F680"
      styles:
        submitLabel:
          textAlign: center
    styles:
      self:
        height: auto
        width: wide
        margin:
          - mt-0
          - mb-0
          - ml-4
          - mr-4
        padding:
          - pt-24
          - pb-24
          - pr-4
          - pl-4
        alignItems: center
        justifyContent: center
        flexDirection: row
      title:
        textAlign: left
      text:
        textAlign: left
---

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Sed ante lorem, tincidunt ac leo efficitur, feugiat tempor odio. Curabitur at auctor sapien. Etiam at cursus enim. Suspendisse sed augue tortor. Nunc eu magna vitae lorem pellentesque fermentum. Sed in facilisis dui. Nulla molestie risus in mi dapibus, eget porta lorem semper. Donec sed facilisis nibh. Curabitur eget dui in libero euismod commodo nec sit amet est. Etiam id ipsum aliquam, vehicula erat sit amet, consequat tortor.

Etiam facilisis lacus nec pretium lobortis. Praesent dapibus justo non efficitur efficitur. Nullam viverra justo arcu, eget egestas tortor pretium id. Sed imperdiet mattis eleifend. Vivamus suscipit et neque imperdiet venenatis. In malesuada sed urna eget vehicula. Donec fermentum tortor sit amet nisl elementum fringilla. Pellentesque dapibus suscipit faucibus. Nullam malesuada sed urna quis rutrum. Donec facilisis lorem id maximus mattis. Vestibulum quis elit magna. Vestibulum accumsan blandit consequat. Phasellus quis posuere quam.

## About Coding

> “Coding is the language of the future, and every girl should learn it. As I've learned from watching girls grow and learn in our classrooms, coding is fun, collaborative and creative.”

Vestibulum ullamcorper risus auctor eleifend consequat. Vivamus mollis in tellus ac ullamcorper. Vestibulum sit amet bibendum ipsum, vitae rutrum ex. Nullam cursus, urna et dapibus aliquam, urna leo euismod metus, eu luctus justo mi eget mauris. Proin felis leo, volutpat et purus in, lacinia luctus eros. Pellentesque lobortis massa scelerisque lorem ullamcorper, sit amet elementum nulla scelerisque. In volutpat efficitur nulla, aliquam ornare lectus ultricies ac. Mauris sagittis ornare dictum. Nulla vel felis ut purus fermentum pretium. Sed id lectus ac diam aliquet venenatis. Etiam ac auctor enim. Nunc velit mauris, viverra vel orci ut, egestas rhoncus diam. Morbi scelerisque nibh tellus, vel varius urna malesuada sed. Etiam ultricies sem consequat, posuere urna non, maximus ex. Mauris gravida diam sed augue condimentum pulvinar vel ac dui. Integer vel convallis justo.

## Productivity

Nam rutrum magna sed pellentesque lobortis. Etiam quam mauris, iaculis eget ex ac, rutrum scelerisque nisl. Cras finibus dictum ex sed tincidunt. Morbi facilisis neque porta, blandit mauris quis, pharetra odio. Aliquam dictum quam quis elit auctor, at vestibulum ex pulvinar. Quisque lobortis a lectus quis faucibus. Nulla vitae pellentesque nibh, et fringilla erat. Praesent placerat ac est at tincidunt. Praesent ultricies a ex at ultrices. Etiam sed tincidunt elit. Nulla sagittis neque neque, ultrices dignissim sapien pellentesque faucibus. Donec tempor orci sed consectetur dictum. Ut viverra ut enim ac semper. Integer lacinia sem in arcu tempor faucibus eget non urna. Praesent vel nunc eu libero aliquet interdum non vitae elit. Maecenas pharetra ipsum dolor, et iaculis elit ornare ac.

Aenean scelerisque ullamcorper est aliquet blandit. Donec ac tellus enim. Vivamus quis leo mattis, varius arcu at, convallis diam. Donec ac leo at nunc viverra molestie ac viverra nisi. Proin interdum at turpis at varius. Nunc sit amet ex suscipit, convallis ligula eu, pretium turpis. Sed ultricies neque vel mi malesuada, et mollis risus lobortis. Sed condimentum venenatis mauris, id elementum dolor gravida ac. Sed sodales tempus neque, quis iaculis arcu tincidunt ut. Donec vitae faucibus dui. In hac habitasse platea dictumst. Donec erat ex, ullamcorper a massa a, porttitor porta ligula.

Commit message:

post-one.md: updated markdown_content

content/pages/blog/post-one.md, after:

---
type: PostLayout
title: To See and Be See in the Gaming/VFX/Animation Industry
colors: colors-a
date: '2024-06-30'
author: content/data/team/doris-soto.json
excerpt: More context that may or may not be helpful
featuredImage:
  type: ImageBlock
  url: /images/featured-Image1.jpg
  altText: Post thumbnail image
media:
  url: /images/post-2.jpg
  altText: altText of the image
  caption: Caption of the image
  elementId: ''
  type: ImageBlock
bottomSections:
  - elementId: ''
    type: RecentPostsSection
    colors: colors-f
    variant: variant-d
    subtitle: Recent posts
    showDate: true
    showAuthor: false
    showExcerpt: true
    recentCount: 2
    styles:
      self:
        height: auto
        width: wide
        margin:
          - mt-0
          - mb-0
          - ml-0
          - mr-0
        padding:
          - pt-12
          - pb-56
          - pr-4
          - pl-4
        justifyContent: center
      title:
        textAlign: left
      subtitle:
        textAlign: left
      actions:
        justifyContent: center
    showFeaturedImage: true
    showReadMoreLink: true
  - type: ContactSection
    backgroundSize: full
    title: Stay up-to-date with my words ✍️
    colors: colors-f
    form:
      type: FormBlock
      elementId: sign-up-form
      fields:
        - name: firstName
          label: First Name
          hideLabel: true
          placeholder: First Name
          isRequired: true
          width: 1/2
          type: TextFormControl
        - name: lastName
          label: Last Name
          hideLabel: true
          placeholder: Last Name
          isRequired: false
          width: 1/2
          type: TextFormControl
        - name: email
          label: Email
          hideLabel: true
          placeholder: Email
          isRequired: true
          width: full
          type: EmailFormControl
        - name: updatesConsent
          label: Sign me up to recieve my words
          isRequired: false
          width: full
          type: CheckboxFormControl
      submitLabel: "Submit \U0001F680"
      styles:
        submitLabel:
          textAlign: center
    styles:
      self:
        height: auto
        width: wide
        margin:
          - mt-0
          - mb-0
          - ml-4
          - mr-4
        padding:
          - pt-24
          - pb-24
          - pr-4
          - pl-4
        alignItems: center
        justifyContent: center
        flexDirection: row
      title:
        textAlign: left
      text:
        textAlign: left
---
In my experience, activism that centers accessibility, features diverse perspectives, and uses art to spark curiosity is more effective at creating dialogue, which is one major reason why I think that inclusivity in the VFX and Animation industry is vital and should be promulgated. I believe that the VFX and Animation industry is in a unique position to be a positive influence on numerous people and age groups by expanding narratives and featuring characters from different walks of life. In my opinion, contributing to the goal of increasing inclusivity and diversity in the industry is especially important knowing that there has been a rise in book bans in the USA in combination with other restrictive legislature, meaning that projects that feature a wide array of experiences and voices in the storytelling process can help fill the gap in queer and other types of representation. Overall, cultural competency and diversity in the Animation and VFX sphere can help create more authentic and engaging content that resonates with a broader audience, which also helps with providing more equitable representation in media.

On the topic of equitable representation in media, a pertinent example of such impactful inclusion is the character Quill from the video game Moss, who communicates using American Sign Language (ASL). This design choice not only increases visibility for the Deaf community but also normalizes the use of ASL in mainstream media. By incorporating ASL, Moss invites players who may not be familiar with sign language to see its value and beauty, potentially inspiring them to learn ASL themselves. This increased interest can lead to greater accessibility and communication options for and with the Deaf community. Like in Moss, I see myself contributing to this goal by creating works and projects that imagine a world where disabled folks are not seen as an afterthought, but rather as integral and influential characters whose experiences and perspectives drive the narrative forward. By crafting these inclusive narratives, I aim to challenge and change perceptions, as well as increase visibility and awareness towards those who live with marginalized and intersectional identities.
